X11::Fvwm version 0.2 (alpha 2)

WHAT IS IT?

This is a Perl 5 extension to simplify writing Fvwm2 modules in Perl 5. Not
only in Perl 5, but with the Tk extension as your GUI library!

This requires fvwm 2.0.45 or better, and perl 5.002 or better. It is very
highly recommended that you also install the latest version of Tk (which is
Tk400.202 as of this writing), also available from CPAN.

WHAT DOES IT DO?

Fvwm2 has a very well-defined module API, to allow the brunt of non-core
window-manager work be done by external modules. X11::Fvwm is a layer over
this interface, allowing you to use Perl rather than C as the language for
developing these modules.

When fvwm launches a module, it sets up file descriptors for two-way
communication, and proceeds to occassionally broadcast data packets to
those modules that have asked to receive the given data type. The modules,
in turn, can send commands back to fvwm, including requests for more (and
more specific) data, operation on windows managed by fvwm, etc.

INSTALLATION

The package should be uncompressed using the GNU zip utility. Once done and
you have cd'd down to the directory:

	gzcat X11-Fvwm.tar.gz | tar xf -
	cd X11/Fvwm

you will need to create the Makefile and verify that your package is
complete:

	perl Makefile.PL

This will verify the package contents against the manifest and create the
file Makefile. Now all that needs to be done is:

	make
	make test
	make install                  # Assuming all tests were passed

An important note here: this extension uses compiled C code to reference the
flags and constants used by fvwm in module communication. When you run make,
you will need to ensure that it knows the proper path to the fvwm source
base. The make macro and its default are:

	FVWMSRCDIR=/usr/local/src/fvwm

Note that the fvwm source tree has the actual C source code under another
directory called fvwm. Within the file Fvwm.xs (and the resultant Fvwm.c),
there are:

	#include "fvwm/fvwm.h"
	#include "fvwm/module.h"

So the value of FVWMSRCDIR has to be such that these includes do not fail. If
your fvwm source is not in /usr/local/src/fvwm, you can either:

	* Change the value in Makefile.PL before running perl on it

	* invoke make with "make FVWMSRCDIR=/your/path/to/it"

CAVEATS

As this is still in alpha, there are a few gotchas to watch for. One in
particular is thatthe sample scripts are currently installed in
/usr/local/lib/X11/fvwm2, the directory on my system that fvwm2 modules
went into. You may want to change the setting of INSTALLSCRIPT in the
file Makefile.PL before starting the build process.

EXAMPLES

There are some example scripts in the directory scripts/. Currently, these
are rather limited (two versions of window list utilities), but more will
hopefully get added. They also serve as examples of simple non-interactive
modules, and more complex modules with GUI and everything.

PROBLEMS/BUG REPORTS

Please send any reports of problems or bugs to randy@byz.org. I wouldn't
mind a short note to know that you're using this, just so I can justify its
continued development :-).

CREDITS AND LICENSES

This package is copyright (c) 1997 by Randy Ray (randy@byz.org) and may be
distributed under terms of the Artistic License used to cover Perl itself.
See the file Artistic in the distribution of Perl 5.002 or later for details
of copy and distribution terms. All rights reserved.
